Update test reference on main branch to istio.io/istio master (#8950)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ops/diagnostic-tools/istioctl-analyze/index.md

$ istioctl analyze @samples/bookinfo/networking/bookinfo-gateway.yaml@ @samples/bookinfo/networking/destination-rule-all.yaml@
Error [IST0101] (VirtualService bookinfo.default samples/bookinfo/networking/bookinfo-gateway.yaml:39) Referenced host not found: "productpage"
Error: Analyzers found issues when analyzing namespace: default.

> See https://istio.io/v1.10/docs/reference/config/analysis for more information about causes and resolutions.

Reviewer: Should we use `{{< istio_version >}}`, so this doesn't need to change every release?
```suggestion
See https://istio.io/v{{< istio_version >}}/docs/reference/config/analysis for more information about causes and resolutions.
```

Author: @frankbu I had thought of that as a quick fix, but we don't expand it in the snips.sh. I didn't look at the snips.sh creation to see if we could do the expansion first. The other thought I had was to update the test to verify the portions before and after the version. In the end, I decided that updating the document was the easiest.

Reviewer: I see. You might want to make the third suggested change anyway (the one that's not in a snip), so at least we don't have to keep updating that part.

Author: Fixed.

...
status:
  validationMessages:

>   - documentation_url: https://istio.io/v1.10/docs/reference/config/analysis/ist0101/?ref=status-controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - documentation_url: https://istio.io/v{{< istio_version >}}/docs/reference/config/analysis/ist0101/?ref=status-controller
```

      Like other `istioctl` tools, we generally recommend using a downloaded version that matches the version deployed in your cluster.

>       For the time being, analysis is generally backwards compatible, so that you can, for example, run the 1.10 version of `istioctl analyze` against a cluster running Istio 1.6 and expect to get useful feedback. Analysis rules that are not meaningful with an older Istio release will be skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      For the time being, analysis is generally backwards compatible, so that you can, for example, run the {{< istio_version >}} version of `istioctl analyze` against a cluster running an older Istio 1.x version and expect to get useful feedback. Analysis rules that are not meaningful with an older Istio release will be skipped.
```
